Doc: How to apply autocompletion in bash (#35954)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tools/included/optional-kubectl-configs-bash-linux.md

{{< /note >}}

Both approaches are equivalent. After reloading your shell, kubectl autocompletion should be working.

> To enable autocompletion in current session of shell, source the .bashrc file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable autocompletion for your current shell sessions, source your `.bashrc` file:
```

> To enable autocompletion in current session of shell, source the .bashrc file:

Reviewer: Does this work if the user picked the “System” option, editing `/etc/bash_completion.d/kubectl`?

```bash

> source ~/.bashrc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# run this in each local shell session you have open
source ~/.bashrc
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```
````
